# Vehicle Intelligent System

Object detection is computer knowledge connected with computer vision as well as image handling that recognizes and describes items, for example, people, constructions and vehicles from advanced pictures and recordings video. This innovation has the ability to organize only one or else a few items inside a computerized picture without a moment delay. The object detection works well to recognize the objects like car, truck, bus, motorbike, traffic light and person. 

The proposed algorithms that have been used in this Project are Saliency, Background Subtraction, K-Means, Dilation, Erosion, Blob and YOLO. The accuracy of the YOLO v3 implemented in the project is faster and more accurate based on the coco dataset. It contains with 53 convolutional layers that is efficiency to recognize the objects in the video while the YOLO v2 only contain with 19 convolutional layers. The dilation applied in the Vehicle Detection and Classification system here to enhance the accuracy of detection in using the YOLO v3. There are high confidence score showing in the Vehicle Detection and Classification system. The confidence score is the possibility that handle box includes an item. It is normally expected by a classifier. It will only get the highest score to ensure the prediction is correct and accurate. 

The score of the object detected between the range of 0 to 1, which objects detected with the score closer to 1 is more accurate depending on the probability. One of the benefits for applying YOLO v3 is the algorithm included the labelling for the object, it can clearly define with objects in the video belongs to which labelling so the output can easily understand by the user.
